pg-dorian_gray.txt:303:own master; had at least always been so, till I met Dorian Gray.
pg-dorian_gray.txt:817:masterpiece.  It is my masterpiece as it stands."
pg-dorian_gray.txt:2279:in its way, a real work of art, life having its elaborate masterpieces,
pg-dorian_gray.txt:3104:put it, inspire us with the desire to do masterpieces and always
pg-dorian_gray.txt:3590:what made his young master sleep so late.  Finally his bell sounded,
pg-dorian_gray.txt:3965:masters, all the same.  They love being dominated.  I am sure you were
pg-dorian_gray.txt:4166:is master of himself can end a sorrow as easily as he can invent a
pg-dorian_gray.txt:4697:mouth, and he might show to the world Basil Hallward's masterpiece.
pg-dorian_gray.txt:6967:step.  He thrust up the trap and called to the man to drive faster.
pg-dorian_gray.txt:7773:manner, and then produced a letter, which he handed to his master.
pg-dorian_gray.txt:8185:masterpiece.  I remember I wanted to buy it.  I wish I had now.  It
pg-dorian_gray.txt:8530:of their master as they had last seen him, in all the wonder of his
pg-dracula.txt:582:"The night is chill, mein Herr, and my master the Count bade me take all
pg-dracula.txt:956:and I am master. But a stranger in a strange land, he is no one; men
pg-dracula.txt:960:master that I would be master still--or at least that none other should
pg-dracula.txt:961:be master of me. You come to me not alone as agent of my friend Peter
pg-dracula.txt:1393:"I desire it much; nay, I will take no refusal. When your master,
pg-dracula.txt:1403:mastery in the trouble of my face, for he began at once to use them, but
pg-dracula.txt:2555:myself master of the facts of his hallucination. In my manner of doing
pg-dracula.txt:2760:"Edward Spencelagh, master mariner, murdered by pirates off the coast of
pg-dracula.txt:3370:dead in the roadway opposite to its master's yard. It had been fighting,
pg-dracula.txt:3657:not come to its master, who was on the seat with us, but kept a few
pg-dracula.txt:3658:yards off, barking and howling. Its master spoke to it gently, and then
pg-dracula.txt:3742:might happen; a vague, overmastering fear obscured all details. I took a
pg-dracula.txt:4141:was told by the station-master there that he rushed into the station
pg-dracula.txt:4163:     "I don't want to talk to you: you don't count now; the Master is at
pg-dracula.txt:4248:"I am here to do Your bidding, Master. I am Your slave, and You will
pg-dracula.txt:4251:me by, will You, dear Master, in Your distribution of good things?"
pg-dracula.txt:4268:"I shall be patient, Master. It is coming--coming--coming!"
pg-dracula.txt:4621:have written to my old friend and master, Professor Van Helsing, of
pg-dracula.txt:4863:her that my old master, Van Helsing, the great specialist, was coming to
pg-dracula.txt:4923:full than the rest. You were only student then; now you are master, and
pg-dracula.txt:5745:gard'ner wot didn't remember said he was a-gallopin' northward faster
pg-dracula.txt:6422:began to master him, and the attendants were putting a strait-waistcoat
pg-dracula.txt:6424:they shan't murder me by inches! I'll fight for my Lord and Master!' and
pg-dracula.txt:6448:Shipment Company, Orange Master's Yard, Soho.
pg-dracula.txt:6482:enabled him by our dear, good friend's aid to rise from clerk to master
pg-dracula.txt:7047:partner, rich, master of his business, Mr. Hawkins dead and buried, and
pg-dracula.txt:7981:For a while sheer anger mastered me; it was as if he had during her life
pg-dracula.txt:9026:said, "and study them well. When I have returned you will be master of
pg-dracula.txt:9320:     chapel door of the deserted house he always spoke of "master." This
pg-dracula.txt:9354:officers and the harbour-master. They had all something to say of the
pg-dracula.txt:9357:of common earth." I then saw the station-master, who kindly put me in
pg-dracula.txt:9371:_30 September._--The station-master was good enough to give me a line to
pg-dracula.txt:9372:his old companion the station-master at King's Cross, so that when I
pg-dracula.txt:10134:own master in the matter. I can only ask you to trust me. If I am
pg-dracula.txt:10230:master,' and he may want to get out to help him in some diabolical way.
pg-dracula.txt:11507:the sash and saying to Him: 'Come in, Lord and Master!' The rats were
pg-dracula.txt:12144:the pain overmastered her and she put her hands before her face, and
pg-dracula.txt:13087:of that personal dominance which made him so long a master amongst
pg-dracula.txt:14725:afraid to think what may happen. If we could only go faster! but we
pg-emma.txt:2092:old writing-master's son."
pg-emma.txt:4843:own master. You are the worst judge in the world, Mr. Knightley, of the
pg-emma.txt:5083:and how full the Master of the Ceremonies' ball had been; and she went
pg-emma.txt:5366:first-rate masters. Her disposition and abilities were equally worthy
pg-emma.txt:6148:"master nor mistress was at home;" they had both been out some time; the
pg-emma.txt:6259:getting on faster than one has planned; and the pleasure of coming in
pg-emma.txt:7919:was all the apples of _that_ sort his master had; he had brought them
pg-emma.txt:7920:all--and now his master had not one left to bake or boil. William did
pg-emma.txt:7921:not seem to mind it himself, he was so pleased to think his master had
pg-emma.txt:7922:sold so many; for William, you know, thinks more of his master's profit
pg-emma.txt:7924:being all sent away. She could not bear that her master should not be
pg-emma.txt:9876:without the concurrence of my lord and master. You know, Mrs. Weston,
pg-emma.txt:9915:of handwriting often prevails in a family; and where the same master
pg-emma.txt:10728:extremely expeditious!--I believe we drive faster than any body.--What
pg-emma.txt:15249:is, that I am waiting for my lord and master. He promised to join me
pg-emma.txt:15318:not stir till my lord and master appeared.--Here have I been sitting
pg-emma.txt:15360:and he told me I should not find his master at home, but I did not
pg-emma.txt:15362:was come to his master lately, he said, but he could hardly ever get the
pg-frankenstein.txt:215:easily engaged him to assist in my enterprise.  The master is a person
pg-frankenstein.txt:381:master said, "Here is our captain, and he will not allow you to perish
pg-frankenstein.txt:1129:It was very different when the masters of the science sought
pg-frankenstein.txt:1159:"promised impossibilities and performed nothing.  The modern masters
pg-frankenstein.txt:1252:my proficiency that of the masters.  Professor Krempe often asked me,
pg-frankenstein.txt:1580:unwearied entreaties was the same as that of the Dutch schoolmaster in
pg-frankenstein.txt:1889:master of the oriental languages, and thus he should open a field for
pg-frankenstein.txt:3359:one cow, which gave very little during the winter, when its masters
pg-frankenstein.txt:3450:master of their language, which knowledge might enable me to make them
pg-frankenstein.txt:3625:master the language; and I may boast that I improved more rapidly than
pg-frankenstein.txt:4103:all the firmness of which I was master, removed the planks which I had
pg-frankenstein.txt:5325:day will be hateful to you.  You are my creator, but I am your master;
pg-frankenstein.txt:7164:slave, not the master, of an impulse which I detested yet could not
pg-great_expectations.txt:1958:placid occupation; "your sister's a master-mind. A master-mind."
pg-great_expectations.txt:1965:"And I ain't a master-mind," Joe resumed, when he had unfixed his look,
pg-great_expectations.txt:4005:"Meaning the master you were to be apprenticed to?"
pg-great_expectations.txt:4155:five-and-twenty guineas in this bag. Give it to your master, Pip."
pg-great_expectations.txt:4177:"No. Gargery is your master now. Gargery! One word!"
pg-great_expectations.txt:4632:"Now, master! Sure you're not a going to favor only one of us. If Young
pg-great_expectations.txt:4650:master! Come. No favoring in this shop. Be a man!"
pg-great_expectations.txt:4652:The master refusing to entertain the subject until the journeyman was in
pg-great_expectations.txt:4660:"Now, master!"
pg-great_expectations.txt:4675:that way. I wish I was his master!"
pg-great_expectations.txt:4677:"You'd be everybody's master, if you durst," retorted Orlick, with an
pg-great_expectations.txt:4684:match for the noodles, without being a match for your master, who's the
pg-great_expectations.txt:4818:monomania in my master's daughter to care a button for me; and all I can
pg-great_expectations.txt:5082:bearing of a child towards a hard master. After that day, a day rarely
pg-great_expectations.txt:6114:"Well, I don't know," returned Joe. "I'm so awful dull. I'm only master
pg-great_expectations.txt:6291:it meant. But I saw him collapse as his master rubbed me out with his
pg-great_expectations.txt:6723:everybody else's disadvantage, as his master had. I wondered how many
pg-great_expectations.txt:6725:the same detrimental mastery of their fellow-creatures. I wondered what
pg-great_expectations.txt:7658:"Master Alick and Miss Jane," cried one of the nurses to two of the
pg-great_expectations.txt:8021:"Speak to your master?" said Mrs. Pocket, whose dignity was roused
pg-great_expectations.txt:8026:speak at once, and to speak to master."
pg-great_expectations.txt:8086:mine with him. If he had shown indifference as a master, I have no doubt
pg-great_expectations.txt:8220:his master, and, considering that he wasn't brought up to evidence,
pg-great_expectations.txt:8398:cook's-shop. I think it's tender, because the master of the shop was a
pg-great_expectations.txt:8772:our company, and that as to skill he was more than our master, and that
pg-great_expectations.txt:8791:hand behind her waist. "Master," she said, in a low voice, with her eyes
pg-great_expectations.txt:8797:"Master," she again murmured. "Please!"
pg-great_expectations.txt:9568:"Ah, young master, there's more changes than yours. But come in, come
pg-great_expectations.txt:9582:"I ain't here for harm, young master, I suppose?"
pg-great_expectations.txt:9629:shaking himself; "my orders ends here, young master. I give this here
pg-great_expectations.txt:10184:of my bondage to that taskmaster could scarcely be afforded, than
pg-great_expectations.txt:13005:"Yes," he replied; "I wish to come in, master."
pg-great_expectations.txt:13099:difficult to master. When at last I put the glass to him, I saw with
pg-great_expectations.txt:13280:left me by my master (which died, and had been the same as me), and got
pg-great_expectations.txt:14320:"'Yes, master, and I've never been in it much.' (I had come out of
pg-great_expectations.txt:15840:cowardice when his gigantic master came home (very hoarse) to dinner.
pg-great_expectations.txt:16120:looking at her master, not understanding whether she was free to go, or
pg-great_expectations.txt:16490:master mania, like the vanity of penitence, the vanity of remorse, the
pg-great_expectations.txt:17352:people are strangers. Still, the reference to Provis by name mastered
pg-great_expectations.txt:17695:and new masters. Some of 'em writes my letters when I wants 'em
pg-great_expectations.txt:17902:morning altogether mastered me. My burning arm throbbed, and my burning
pg-great_expectations.txt:18003:stern, could see, with a faster beating heart, Mill Pond Bank and Mill
pg-great_expectations.txt:18064:It occurred to me as inconsistent, that, for any mastering idea, he
pg-grimm.txt:183:tail, and you will travel faster.' So he sat down, and the fox began to
pg-grimm.txt:305:home to the king their master, and said. 'All this have we won by our
pg-grimm.txt:339:much the faster. The world may very likely not always think of them as
pg-grimm.txt:344:worked hard for his master. At last he said, 'Master, my time is up; I
pg-grimm.txt:346:and let me go.' And the master said, 'You have been a faithful and good
pg-grimm.txt:380:After a time he thought he should like to go a little faster, so he
pg-grimm.txt:489:off, master grinder! you seem so happy at your work.' 'Yes,' said the
pg-grimm.txt:659:unfit for work. His master therefore was tired of keeping him and
pg-grimm.txt:666:friend?' said the ass. 'Alas!' said the dog, 'my master was going to
pg-grimm.txt:693:on Sunday!' 'Heaven forbid!' said the ass, 'come with us Master
pg-grimm.txt:786:and how his master meant to kill him in the morning. 'Make yourself
pg-grimm.txt:787:easy,' said the wolf, 'I will give you some good advice. Your master,
pg-grimm.txt:798:soon overtook him, and carried the poor little thing back to his master
pg-grimm.txt:809:said the Sultan; 'I will be true to my master.' However, the wolf
pg-grimm.txt:811:Sultan had told his master what the wolf meant to do; so he laid wait
pg-grimm.txt:1024:A shepherd's dog had a master who took no care of him, but often let him
pg-grimm.txt:1660:the misfortunes of his dear master during his enchantment so long and so
pg-grimm.txt:2934:master of the situation, and the venture had to be made. They therefore
pg-grimm.txt:3488:an old mouse-hole. 'Good night, my masters!' said he, 'I'm off! mind and
pg-grimm.txt:3563:up out of the dirt, she ran off as fast as she could to her master the
pg-grimm.txt:3625:So Master Thumb stayed at home with his father and mother, in peace; for
pg-grimm.txt:3760:It came to pass that the master one day said to her: 'Gretel, there is a
pg-grimm.txt:3762:see to it, master,' answered Gretel. She killed two fowls, scalded them,
pg-grimm.txt:3766:to her master: 'If the guest does not come, I must take the fowls away
pg-grimm.txt:3768:the moment they are at their juiciest.' The master said: 'I will run
pg-grimm.txt:3769:myself, and fetch the guest.' When the master had turned his back,
pg-grimm.txt:3782:time!' She ran to the window, to see if the master was not coming with
pg-grimm.txt:3786:thought: 'The other must go down too, or else master will observe that
pg-grimm.txt:3788:looked for her master, and did not see him. It suddenly occurred to
pg-grimm.txt:3795:and still her master did not come, Gretel looked at the other and said:
pg-grimm.txt:3801:While she was making the most of it, her master came and cried: 'Hurry
pg-grimm.txt:3803:soon serve up,' answered Gretel. Meantime the master looked to see that
pg-grimm.txt:3809:as you can, if my master catches you it will be the worse for you; he
pg-grimm.txt:3813:could. Gretel was not idle; she ran screaming to her master, and cried:
pg-grimm.txt:3817:nice trick!' said her master, and lamented the fine chickens. 'If he had
pg-grimm.txt:4045:faster than she, and stuck close to the steak. 'It's all gone, and "what
pg-grimm.txt:4253:to dance, for it was a magical dance. The faster he played, the more
pg-grimm.txt:4372:By and by in came the masters of the cottage. Now they were seven little
pg-grimm.txt:4796:so he went to his master, and said, 'I have worked hard for you a long
pg-grimm.txt:4835:the blood ran down. 'Oh, for heaven's sake!' cried the miser, 'Master!
pg-grimm.txt:4836:master! pray let the fiddle alone. What have I done to deserve this?'
pg-grimm.txt:5478:whole job; all was so neat and true, that it was quite a masterpiece.
pg-grimm.txt:6128:hence, I will give you into the care of a celebrated master, who shall
pg-grimm.txt:6130:and remained a whole year with the master. At the end of this time,
pg-grimm.txt:6134:will send you into another town, to another master.' The youth was taken
pg-grimm.txt:6135:thither, and stayed a year with this master likewise. When he came back
pg-grimm.txt:6140:send you to a third master, but if you learn nothing this time also, I
pg-grimm.txt:6142:third master also, and when he came home again, and his father inquired:
pg-grimm.txt:6215:said the fox. 'I am master of a hundred arts, and have into the bargain
pg-grimm.txt:6260:his master, he gave him a glass, and said, 'With this you can see all
pg-grimm.txt:6266:craft of the woods; and when he left his master he gave him a bow, and
pg-grimm.txt:6276:beginning; and when he left his master, he gave him a needle, and said,
pg-grimm.txt:6581:horse, 'justice and avarice never dwell in one house; my master has
pg-grimm.txt:6606:master's house.
pg-grimm.txt:6608:'Here he is, master,' said he, 'I have got the better of him': and when
pg-grimm.txt:6738:fear,' said the latter to his master. 'Go wheresoever they take you, and
pg-grimm.txt:7048:Before long the sexton came by and saw his master, the parson, running
pg-grimm.txt:7775:Then the dwarf said, 'My masters are not at home; but if you will wait
pg-grimm.txt:7784:dwarf said, 'Here come my masters.' When they came in, they wanted to
pg-grimm.txt:8296:the whole of the castle. 'That's right,' said he, 'but go faster.' Then
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt:3719:faster than what I was.
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt:3943:two children, and if their master wouldn't sell them, they'd get an
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt:5852:The thrilling, masterly, and blood-curdling Broad-sword conflict In
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt:6217:And then faster and faster they went, all of them dancing, first one
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt:6219:more, and the ringmaster going round and round the center-pole, cracking
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt:6230:ringmaster couldn't ever say a word to him but he was back at him quick
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt:6241:out!" and one or two women begun to scream.  So, then, the ringmaster
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt:6269:Then the ringmaster he see how he had been fooled, and he _was_ the
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt:6270:sickest ringmaster you ever see, I reckon.  Why, it was one of his own
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt:6273:a been in that ringmaster's place, not for a thousand dollars.  I don't
pg-huckleberry_finn.txt:8217:my master and was trying to get away before he made trouble with them.
pg-les_miserables.txt:143:        II.  The Perspicacity of Master Scaufflaire
pg-les_miserables.txt:215:         I.  Master Gorbeau
pg-les_miserables.txt:298:         II.  Like Master, Like House
pg-les_miserables.txt:1074:he found no schoolmaster, he quoted once more the people of Queyras: "Do
pg-les_miserables.txt:1077:school-masters who are paid by the whole valley, who make the round
pg-les_miserables.txt:1223:the fathers, the masters, the strong, the rich, and the wise."
pg-les_miserables.txt:2639:of the masters of the state; the vaults of the treasury were encumbered
pg-les_miserables.txt:3462:"Who goes there?" said the master.
pg-les_miserables.txt:3591:"Who are you?" demanded the master of the house.
pg-les_miserables.txt:3633:scrutinizes a viper, the master of the house returned to the door and
pg-les_miserables.txt:3673:with his stick which masters in that sort of fencing designate as la
pg-les_miserables.txt:5017:to work. He was intelligent, robust, adroit; he did his best; the master
pg-les_miserables.txt:5027:master looked him straight between the eyes, and said to him "Beware of
pg-les_miserables.txt:5962:masterpieces; Madame Cottin was proclaimed the chief writer of the
pg-les_miserables.txt:6886:            That master good Clermont-Tonnerre
pg-les_miserables.txt:7570:The master's face appeared.
pg-les_miserables.txt:7923:the nurse and the schoolmaster." He created at his own expense an infant
pg-les_miserables.txt:8610:might experience on smelling a wolf in his master's clothes. From
pg-les_miserables.txt:8723:she was, and who had ruled over her masterfully and bent her to his
pg-les_miserables.txt:9327:one is not master of one's self at the first moment. One gives way to
pg-les_miserables.txt:10386:Fleming named Master Scaufflaer, French Scaufflaire, who let out "horses
pg-les_miserables.txt:10403:M. Madeleine found Master Scaufflaire at home, engaged in stitching a
pg-les_miserables.txt:10406:"Master Scaufflaire," he inquired, "have you a good horse?"
pg-les_miserables.txt:10508:Master Scaufflaire continued:--
pg-les_miserables.txt:10568:Master Scaufflaire experienced a frightful regret that he had not said a
pg-les_miserables.txt:10590:to return from Master Scaufflaire's, as though the parsonage door had
pg-les_miserables.txt:10801:extraordinary as was this situation, he was completely master of it.
pg-les_miserables.txt:11385:the mastery of his mind. He tried to put to himself, for the last time,
pg-les_miserables.txt:11489:walked faster than I did. They made no noise as they walked. In an
pg-les_miserables.txt:11655:own hand; that he was master of it. He clung to this thought.
pg-les_miserables.txt:11738:"He is only a step from here. Hey! Master Bourgaillard!"
pg-les_miserables.txt:11740:Master Bourgaillard, the wheelwright, was standing on his own threshold.
pg-les_miserables.txt:13165:under sheds when the masters are good, never in closed workshops,
pg-les_miserables.txt:13167:beats one's arms together to warm one's self; but the masters don't like
pg-les_miserables.txt:13174:as little as possible. The masters took advantage of my age--and then I
pg-les_miserables.txt:13210:a master-wheelwright, with whom the accused stated that he had served,
pg-les_miserables.txt:13845:might be taken away directly afterwards. Tell me; you are the master; it
pg-les_miserables.txt:14761:off by a large ball. The French, who were masters of the chapel for a
pg-les_miserables.txt:14991:His plan of battle was, by the confession of all, a masterpiece. To
pg-les_miserables.txt:15004:masterly manner, from one point of view by Napoleon, and from another
pg-les_miserables.txt:15567:did go astray, since he thought himself the master and the possessor
pg-les_miserables.txt:16630:and the master of Europe was put in a cage, and the old regime became
pg-les_miserables.txt:17221:most "puzzled" were the school-master and Thenardier, the proprietor of
pg-les_miserables.txt:17228:One evening the schoolmaster affirmed that in former times the law would
pg-les_miserables.txt:17237:with admirable art, and in masterly proportions, the thirst of a
pg-les_miserables.txt:17241:and the schoolmaster imagined that they had made out:--
pg-les_miserables.txt:17374:masterpiece of combination where force results from an enormous sum
pg-les_miserables.txt:17445:Columbus and of De Ruyter is one of the masterpieces of man. It is as
pg-les_miserables.txt:17813:thought that he was an educated man. Nevertheless, the schoolmaster had
pg-les_miserables.txt:17846:Thenardier, "There is the master of the house." A mistake. She was not
pg-les_miserables.txt:17847:even the mistress. The husband was both master and mistress. She worked;
pg-les_miserables.txt:17924:venomous master. The Thenardier hostelry was like a spider's web, in
pg-les_miserables.txt:18071:which, as the schoolmaster, then seated at the table at the Thenardiers'
pg-les_miserables.txt:19406:The language of a master, and the reasoning of an innkeeper, neither of
pg-les_miserables.txt:19595:Thenardier produced the following masterpiece:--
pg-les_miserables.txt:19973:dared to criticise one of the master's acts.
pg-les_miserables.txt:20027:have fallen a-dreaming in the presence of this hideous masterpiece.
pg-les_miserables.txt:21497:prison at Toulon, he was, as it will be remembered, a past master in the
pg-les_miserables.txt:22097:his master.
pg-les_miserables.txt:22269:brushed off. He preferred to elaborate his masterpieces in the dark and
pg-les_miserables.txt:23476:drawing-master, M. Ansiaux, whom the letter, of which we have perused a
pg-les_miserables.txt:27638:its masterpieces, its prodigies, its epics, go forth to the bounds of
pg-les_miserables.txt:28705:and signifies very nearly: Master of Requests of the section of
pg-les_miserables.txt:28790:masters were embalmed, the servants were stuffed with straw.
pg-les_miserables.txt:30116:future lies in the hand of the schoolmaster, and busied himself with
pg-les_miserables.txt:31046:flashed up. Combeferre watched the masterpiece of Louis XVIII. burn
pg-les_miserables.txt:31540:that a creditor is worse than a master; for the master possesses only
pg-les_miserables.txt:31818:herbariums, and engravings of the old masters. The sight of a sword or
pg-les_miserables.txt:32540:analyzed therein as masterpieces of the human mind. There was a piercing
pg-les_miserables.txt:35985:Only, it had been silent in the master's absence, like wolf whelps in
pg-les_miserables.txt:36537:"A painting by a master, a picture of great value, my benefactor! I am
pg-les_miserables.txt:36780:had thought himself the master, and which was now sweeping him away. He
pg-les_miserables.txt:36944:The picture of the master, the painting by David which he had proposed
pg-les_miserables.txt:37052:Thus, the master of some and mastered by the rest, crushing those
pg-les_miserables.txt:39187:Workingmen met at the house of a fencing-master who gave lessons in
pg-les_miserables.txt:40927:amazement.--"I am a much better thing than the master, I am the father."
pg-les_miserables.txt:42660:and the fetter on your leg. This masterpiece finished, this prodigy
pg-les_miserables.txt:43371:When she had thoroughly mastered it she kissed it and put it in her
pg-les_miserables.txt:43636:husband: "But this is abandoning our children!" Thenardier, masterful
pg-les_miserables.txt:44366:fencing-master to his pupils, or a muleteer to his mules.
pg-les_miserables.txt:45552:cavalry-man who says: "My turkey-cock," the fencing-master who says:
pg-les_miserables.txt:45554:galley,"--all, printer, fencing-master, cavalry dragoon, infantry-man,
pg-les_miserables.txt:45789:which strikes fire with all four of its feet, sums up in a masterly
pg-les_miserables.txt:45824:Here is the caleur, the waiter, kellner; the hers, the master, herzog
pg-les_miserables.txt:47388:objects of which he was the master. He dreamed that he was the lord of
pg-les_miserables.txt:47620:You are my master. I shall pass the evening to-morrow in singing that
pg-les_miserables.txt:47815:by his master's air; "I have not seen him. Nicolette came in and said to
pg-les_miserables.txt:48376:exasperated with grief and uneasiness, like a master who returns home at
pg-les_miserables.txt:48761:insurrection against, becomes an uprising for, sombre masterpieces of
pg-les_miserables.txt:48819:when silence is imposed on a nation by its master. From this silence
pg-les_miserables.txt:48860:the master is reflected; public powers are unclean; hearts are small;
pg-les_miserables.txt:48909:revolt of the dog against his master, an attempt to bite whom must be
pg-les_miserables.txt:49020:more than a week in one shop, as the masters always discharged him
pg-les_miserables.txt:49303:o'clock in the evening, they were masters of the Bastille, of the
pg-les_miserables.txt:49443:they were masters of the Bank;--that there were six hundred of them
pg-les_miserables.txt:50234:worthy Natoire, one of the fantastic masters nowadays despised by the
pg-les_miserables.txt:50309:other: "Come hear Father Hucheloup growl." He had been a fencing-master.
pg-les_miserables.txt:50907:"I am the capitoul[52] and the master of the floral games!"
pg-les_miserables.txt:52111:a tendency to accept the master. Their mass bears witness to apathy.
pg-les_miserables.txt:52131:be done, France being always the one to begin. When the master falls
pg-les_miserables.txt:53174:trustworthy. Treachery between master and servant begins in curiosity.
pg-les_miserables.txt:53953:The master-stroke of strong men consists in saving themselves by the
pg-les_miserables.txt:54100:life, its masterful deeds against the right, are its popular coups
pg-les_miserables.txt:54126:two fearful masterpieces of civil war reared themselves beneath the
pg-les_miserables.txt:54372:still the masters. The pavement was red for a long time at that spot.
pg-les_miserables.txt:54936:hydra, the dragon and the griffin, he will be the master of water, fire,
pg-les_miserables.txt:56746:death ought to be a masterpiece.
pg-les_miserables.txt:56919:Javert was not easily astonished. Still, master of himself though
pg-les_miserables.txt:58029:ridiculous to boot. This will form the master-piece of your ignorance.
pg-les_miserables.txt:58360:other, came to the master's intimate levee. In the Carrousel there was
pg-les_miserables.txt:60569:return and to say: 'It is I,' and you would have been the master of the
pg-les_miserables.txt:60658:your systems, of your masters, of your oracles, of your doctors, of your
pg-les_miserables.txt:60732:dog who finds his master again.
pg-les_miserables.txt:61463:an account of himself. Marius was the master of the house, there was
pg-les_miserables.txt:61847:opposite the fountain of Cardinal de Birague. The masterpiece of Jesuit
pg-les_miserables.txt:61888:"She is exquisite, this darling. She's a masterpiece, this Cosette!
pg-les_miserables.txt:62573:all in a flutter, had looked only at their young master all covered with
pg-les_miserables.txt:62877:furnish it with comedy. She only demands of her masters--when she has
pg-les_miserables.txt:62878:masters--one thing: "Paint me the mud." Rome was of the same mind. She
pg-les_miserables.txt:63794:"Is your master up?" asked Jean Valjean.
pg-les_miserables.txt:63798:"Better. Is your master up?"
pg-les_miserables.txt:64514:"Now that you know, do you think, sir, you, who are the master, that I
pg-les_miserables.txt:67385:is your army of schoolmasters, the only army which civilization
pg-moby_dick.txt:260:"Myself have agreed to try whether I can master and kill this
pg-moby_dick.txt:654:lording it as a country schoolmaster, making the tallest boys stand
pg-moby_dick.txt:656:schoolmaster to a sailor, and requires a strong decoction of Seneca and
pg-moby_dick.txt:2129:frightened master comes to him, and shrieks in his dead ear, 'What
pg-moby_dick.txt:2171:water behind. He goes down in the whirling heart of such a masterless
pg-moby_dick.txt:2959:to it several times, I never could master his liturgies and XXXIX
pg-moby_dick.txt:3231:task-master. They told me in Nantucket, though it certainly seems a
pg-moby_dick.txt:5037:consciousness of being under a troubled master-eye. And not only that,
pg-moby_dick.txt:5706:flogging him; as some schoolmasters get along in the world by a similar
pg-moby_dick.txt:5900:master; who, sitting in the lee quarter-boat, has just been taking an
pg-moby_dick.txt:5949:ship-master, then, by inference, you will derive the cause of that
pg-moby_dick.txt:6018:the harpooneers. While their masters, the mates, seemed afraid of the
pg-moby_dick.txt:6526:herein, jealousy presiding over all creations. But not my master, man,
pg-moby_dick.txt:7356:man ideal mastership over every dusky tribe; and though, besides, all
pg-moby_dick.txt:8287:mastership; for to the purely spiritual, the intellectual but stand in a
pg-moby_dick.txt:10306:Whale, Peter Peterson of Friesland, master." In one of those plates the
pg-moby_dick.txt:10723:battle steed that has lost its rider, the masterless ocean overruns the
pg-moby_dick.txt:12101:Hand in hand, ship and breeze blew on; but the breeze came faster than
pg-moby_dick.txt:13507:De Deer, master, of Bremen.
pg-moby_dick.txt:14009:roll of our order. Our grand master is still to be named; for like royal
pg-moby_dick.txt:14186:the spear returning to its master like a greyhound held in skilful
pg-moby_dick.txt:15007:CHAPTER 88. Schools and Schoolmasters.
pg-moby_dick.txt:15084:is the lord and master of that school technically known as the
pg-moby_dick.txt:15085:schoolmaster. It is therefore not in strict character, however admirably
pg-moby_dick.txt:15088:schoolmaster, would very naturally seem derived from the name bestowed
pg-moby_dick.txt:15091:Vidocq, and informed himself what sort of a country-schoolmaster that
pg-moby_dick.txt:15095:The same secludedness and isolation to which the schoolmaster whale
pg-moby_dick.txt:15161:But what plays the mischief with this masterly code is the admirable
pg-moby_dick.txt:15260:Spanish standard by way of waifing it for his royal master and mistress?
pg-moby_dick.txt:15315:he says--"Hands off! this fish, my masters, is a Fast-Fish. I seize it
pg-moby_dick.txt:18070:the levelled tube. But, mastering his emotion, he half calmly rose,
pg-moby_dick.txt:18724:Lord and master over all this scene, the captain stood erect on the
pg-moby_dick.txt:19165:dispute its unconditional, unintegral mastery in me. In the midst of the
pg-moby_dick.txt:20139:"Oh good master, master, master!
pg-moby_dick.txt:20168:I hear ivory--Oh, master! master! I am indeed down-hearted when you walk
pg-moby_dick.txt:20523:cozening, hidden lord and master, and cruel, remorseless emperor
pg-moby_dick.txt:20933:"Turn up all hands and make sail! he travels faster than I thought
pg-moby_dick.txt:21405:"O master, my master, come back!"
pg-moby_dick.txt:21697:the flag faster and yet faster to the subsiding spar. A sky-hawk that
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:85:finds himself master of his own establishment, were sufficient to
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:558:friend had on hand, there was something in his masterly grasp of
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:680:"My cabby drove fast. I don't think I ever drove faster, but the
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:2901:quite my own master, you know. I am sorry that Miss Sutherland
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:3150:been looking through all the recent papers in order to master the
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:3784:master wore at the time of his death, and also a pair of the
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:4415:master of the house. I kept all the keys and could go where I
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:5307:such a quiet air of mastery. I felt, however, that when Whitney
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:6114:schoolmaster in Chesterfield, where I received an excellent
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:7414:villagers almost as much as their master.
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:8408:"And also with the result of causing it to turn upon its master
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:8697:sometimes curious as to their master's affairs. Now we can talk
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:9301:"Yes, sir!" said the station-master.
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:9315:The station-master laughed heartily. "No, sir, Dr. Becher is an
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:9321:The station-master had not finished his speech before we were all
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:9731:The nobleman swung his glasses a little faster and stared down
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:9736:from the schoolmaster. She is what we call in England a tomboy,
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:10021:top of the pile. "There is a little nut for you to crack, Master
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:11496:his master had cut his head the night before, and, finally, at
pg-sherlock_holmes.txt:12658:when your master had gone out."
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:1274:appearance and degree, and the master of the wine-shop had stood outside
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:1417:to the child of his old master, and put her hand to his lips. It was
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:2225:Master Cruncher (who was in his shirt) took this very ill, and, turning
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:2645:a holy determination to examine his master's table-drawers and pockets,
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:3315:sir. We men of business, who serve a House, are not our own masters. We
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:4281:"I never see the night myself, master--nor yet I don't expect to--what
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:4500:check into the face, or to the lips, of the master. The complaint had
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:4758:Monsieur Gabelle was the Postmaster, and some other taxing functionary
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:4957:"Good," said the imperturbable master. "Close them again."
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:5391:sound English, and render them into sound English. Such masters were not
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:6341:weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me,
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:6888:Notwithstanding an unusual flow of company, the master of the wine-shop
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:7039:village, 'bring him fast to his tomb!' and they bring him faster. I
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:8036:mastery of them even in his sleep. A more remarkable face in its quiet,
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:9948:master."
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:10180:him on, faster and faster, more and more steadily, to the terrible
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:10410:The postmaster interposed himself between this man and the rider's
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:10417:Checking the postmaster, who was for turning his horse's head to the
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:10429:another instant would have brought upon him, the postmaster turned his
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:10431:and the postmaster shut and barred the crazy double gates. The farrier
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:10436:postmaster, when he had thanked him, and stood beside him in the yard.
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:10453:"What do I know!" said the postmaster, shrugging his shoulders; "there
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:10643:perils had thickened about him fast, and might thicken faster and faster
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:10792:paced faster, to draw his mind with him from that latter repetition.
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:10800:his mind, the prisoner walked faster and faster, obstinately counting
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:11080:the wine-shop again and taking counsel with its master in reference to
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:12725:"That there Roger Cly, master," said Mr. Cruncher, with a taciturn and
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:14667:thoughts, which was very difficult to master.
pg-tale_of_two_cities.txt:15053:"Are we not going too slowly? Can they not be induced to go faster?"
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:210:The Master
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:326:The Master's Dilemma
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:1651:the aisles: the aged and needy postmaster, who had seen better days;
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:1794:into its master's lap; he flung it out of the window, and the voice of
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:1975:school or to church, or call any being master or obey anybody; he could
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:2177:alacrity. The master, throned on high in his great splint-bottom
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:2196:The master's pulse stood still, and he stared helplessly. The buzz of
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:2198:mind. The master said:
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:2210:The master's arm performed until it was tired and the stock of switches
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:2309:from the whole school. Then the master stood over him during a few awful
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:2402:before when the master came tiptoeing down the room and stood over them.
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:3337:with little less than telegraphic speed. Of course the schoolmaster gave
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:3435:offer, in the hope of getting a glimpse of his dread master.
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:4200:upstream, but still was swept downward rather faster than he had
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5320:The master, Mr. Dobbins, had reached middle age with an unsatisfied
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5323:schoolmaster. Every day he took a mysterious book out of his desk and
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5374:master arrived and school "took in." Tom did not feel a strong interest
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5397:A whole hour drifted by, the master sat nodding in his throne, the air
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5410:instant, and the chance was lost--the master opened the volume. If Tom
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5412:for Becky now, he said. The next moment the master faced the school.
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5415:master was gathering his wrath. Then he spoke: "Who tore this book?"
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5418:continued; the master searched face after face for signs of guilt.
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5427:slow torture of these proceedings. The master scanned the ranks of
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5475:VACATION was approaching. The schoolmaster, always severe, grew severer
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5487:the master a mischief. But he kept ahead all the time. The retribution
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5492:help. He had his own reasons for being delighted, for the master boarded
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5494:The master's wife would go on a visit to the country in a few days, and
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5495:there would be nothing to interfere with the plan; the master always
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5504:wreaths and festoons of foliage and flowers. The master sat throned in
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5536:its sympathy. The master frowned, and this completed the disaster. Tom
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5660:Now the master, mellow almost to the verge of geniality, put his chair
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:5679:in her possession! And how the light did blaze abroad from the master's
pg-tom_sawyer.txt:8608:the adventure in the finest dramatic manner he was master of, but the
pg-ulysses.txt:990:own master, it seems to me.
pg-ulysses.txt:992:--I am a servant of two masters, Stephen said, an English and an
pg-ulysses.txt:1231:jester at the court of his master, indulged and disesteemed, winning a
pg-ulysses.txt:1232:clement master's praise. Why had they chosen all that part? Not wholly
pg-ulysses.txt:1933:the eyes of master Goff and master Shapland Tandy, filing consents and
pg-ulysses.txt:2032:of brown steersmen and master mariners. Human shells.
pg-ulysses.txt:2205:be master of others or their slave. I have my stick. Sit tight. From
pg-ulysses.txt:2271:The cry brought him skulking back to his master and a blunt bootless
pg-ulysses.txt:2455:air high spars of a threemaster, her sails brailed up on the crosstrees,
pg-ulysses.txt:2971:of _Photo Bits_: Splendid masterpiece in art colours. Tea before you
pg-ulysses.txt:3138:bit. Our prize titbit: _Matcham's Masterstroke_. Written by Mr Philip
pg-ulysses.txt:3151:certainly. _Matcham often thinks of the masterstroke by which he won the
pg-ulysses.txt:3578:Martha, Mary. I saw that picture somewhere I forget now old master or
pg-ulysses.txt:6528:and our watchful friend _The Skibbereen Eagle_. Why bring in a master
pg-ulysses.txt:6609:hush poets: A. E. the mastermystic? That Blavatsky woman started it.
pg-ulysses.txt:6792:of this world. The masters of the Mediterranean are fellaheen today.
pg-ulysses.txt:7172:Hy Franks. Didn't cost him a red like Maginni the dancing master self
pg-ulysses.txt:7336:--And your lord and master?
pg-ulysses.txt:7417:the masterstroke. Did I pull the chain? Yes. The last act.
pg-ulysses.txt:7631:who is the gentleman does be visiting there? Was the young master saying
pg-ulysses.txt:8199:him back the half of a cow. Spread I saw down in the Master of the
pg-ulysses.txt:8319:swore her in on the spot a master mason. That was one of the saint
pg-ulysses.txt:8741:Ineffable, in heaven hight: K.H., their master, whose identity is no
pg-ulysses.txt:9237:masters? Mummed in names: A. E., eon: Magee, John Eglinton. East of the
pg-ulysses.txt:9474:_Diary of Master William Silence_ has found the hunting terms... Yes?
pg-ulysses.txt:10420:Father Conmee gave a letter from his breast to Master Brunny Lynam and
pg-ulysses.txt:10431:Master Brunny Lynam ran across the road and put Father Conmee's letter
pg-ulysses.txt:11139:Master Patrick Aloysius Dignam came out of Mangan's, late Fehrenbach's,
pg-ulysses.txt:11210:Monk,_ then of Aristotle's _Masterpiece._ Crooked botched print. Plates:
pg-ulysses.txt:11286:Mastering his troubled breath, he said:
pg-ulysses.txt:11518:touchingly. Masterly rendition.
pg-ulysses.txt:12018:Opposite Ruggy O'Donohoe's Master Patrick Aloysius Dignam, pawing the
pg-ulysses.txt:12030:Masters Dignam gaped silently. Myler Keogh, Dublin's pet lamb, will
pg-ulysses.txt:12034:entrance, soldiers half price. I could easy do a bunk on ma. Master
pg-ulysses.txt:12037:turned to the right and on his right Master Dignam turned, his cap awry,
pg-ulysses.txt:12043:Master Dignam got his collar down and dawdled on. The best pucker going
pg-ulysses.txt:12049:In Grafton street Master Dignam saw a red flower in a toff's mouth and
pg-ulysses.txt:12055:Master Dignam walked along Nassau street, shifted the porksteaks to
pg-ulysses.txt:12177:his tallyho cap. As the glossy horses pranced by Merrion square Master
pg-ulysses.txt:14360:in which a tear and a smile strove ever for the mastery were of the
pg-ulysses.txt:14403:spasmodic movements which his master repressed from time to time
pg-ulysses.txt:15596:halls of law. There master Courtenay, sitting in his own chamber, gave
pg-ulysses.txt:15597:his rede and master Justice Andrews, sitting without a jury in the
pg-ulysses.txt:15896:Then he was telling us the master at arms comes along with a long cane
pg-ulysses.txt:15952:--The French! says the citizen. Set of dancing masters! Do you know
pg-ulysses.txt:16040:of the four evangelists in turn presenting to each of the four masters
pg-ulysses.txt:16252:--Give you good den, my masters, said he with an obsequious bow.
pg-ulysses.txt:16257:--Lackaday, good masters, said the host, my poor house has but a bare
pg-ulysses.txt:16261:countenance, So servest thou the king's messengers, master Taptun?
pg-ulysses.txt:16275:--What say you, good masters, to a squab pigeon pasty, some collops of
pg-ulysses.txt:16736:But just then there was a slight altercation between Master Tommy and
pg-ulysses.txt:16737:Master Jacky. Boys will be boys and our two twins were no exception
pg-ulysses.txt:16739:which Master Jacky had built and Master Tommy would have it right go
pg-ulysses.txt:16741:Martello tower had. But if Master Tommy was headstrong Master Jacky was
pg-ulysses.txt:16745:too. Needless to say the cries of discomfited Master Tommy drew the
pg-ulysses.txt:16752:His eyes misty with unshed tears Master Tommy came at her call for their
pg-ulysses.txt:16759:shook her hand at Master Jacky the culprit and said if she was near him
pg-ulysses.txt:17087:till at last Master Jacky who was really as bold as brass there was
pg-ulysses.txt:17279:underneath the brim and swung her buckled shoe faster for her breath
pg-ulysses.txt:17384:sandman was on his way for Master Boardman junior. And Cissy told him
pg-ulysses.txt:17457:the master guide. Nothing else mattered. Come what might she would be
pg-ulysses.txt:18389:and Costello that men clepen Punch Costello all long of a mastery of
pg-ulysses.txt:18540:To be short this passage was scarce by when Master Dixon of Mary in
pg-ulysses.txt:18543:womb, chastity in the tomb but involuntary poverty all his days. Master
pg-ulysses.txt:18556:delicate poets Master John Fletcher and Master Francis Beaumont that is
pg-ulysses.txt:18562:of connubial communion. Well met they were, said Master Dixon, joyed,
pg-ulysses.txt:18621:that hist his heart. And Master Lynch bade him have a care to flout and
pg-ulysses.txt:18628:Master Lenehan vowed he would do after and he was indeed but a word and
pg-ulysses.txt:18634:the heavens so that Master Madden, being godly certain whiles, knocked
pg-ulysses.txt:18635:him on his ribs upon that crack of doom and Master Bloom, at the
pg-ulysses.txt:18791:a worthy salesmaster that drove his trade for live stock and meadow
pg-ulysses.txt:18842:in the world and an old whoremaster that kept seven trulls in his house
pg-ulysses.txt:19225:in his masterpiece with chromolithographic illustrations. The gravest
pg-ulysses.txt:19576:Midw., F. K. Q. C. P. I.) is the able and popular master, he is reported
pg-ulysses.txt:20734:dueguard of fellowcraft)_ No, no, worshipful master, light of love.
pg-ulysses.txt:20794:labelled_ Matcham's Masterstrokes.)
pg-ulysses.txt:21193:_(H. Rumbold, master barber, in a bloodcoloured jerkin and tanner's
pg-ulysses.txt:21268:forward and places an ear to the ground)_ My master's voice!
pg-ulysses.txt:21466:undertakers, silk mercers, lapidaries, salesmasters, corkcutters,
pg-ulysses.txt:21472:Gold Stick, the master of horse, the lord great chamberlain, the earl
pg-ulysses.txt:22867:pass with impelling fingers and gives the sign of past master, drawing
pg-ulysses.txt:22906:THE FAN: _(Half opening, then closing)_ And the missus is master.
pg-ulysses.txt:23012:excellent master.)_
pg-ulysses.txt:23225:BLOOM: _(Bows)_ Master! Mistress! Mantamer!
pg-ulysses.txt:23344:aunt Hegarty's armchair, our classic reprints of old masters. A man and
pg-ulysses.txt:23514:shorts, Master Donald Turnbull, Master Abraham Chatterton, Master Owen
pg-ulysses.txt:23515:Goldberg, Master Jack Meredith, Master Percy Apjohn, stand in a clearing
pg-ulysses.txt:23516:of the trees and shout to Master Leopold Bloom.)_
pg-ulysses.txt:24204:sticks, hayforks, salmongaffs, lassos, flockmasters with stockwhips,
pg-ulysses.txt:24883:He wants my money and my life, though want must be his master, for
pg-ulysses.txt:25307:in the attitude of secret master. Against the dark wall a figure appears
pg-ulysses.txt:25880:--We come up this morning eleven o'clock. The threemaster _Rosevean_
pg-ulysses.txt:26125:gratitude also to the harbourmasters and coastguard service who had
pg-ulysses.txt:26459:hands on deck. No aid was given. Her master, the _Mona's_, said he
pg-ulysses.txt:27178:master upon her knees and promising to sever the connection and not
pg-ulysses.txt:27552:detract from the other by one iota as, being his own master, he would
pg-ulysses.txt:27994:cause a faster rate of shaving and a nick on which incision plaster with
pg-ulysses.txt:28786:     For if my master he did hear
pg-ulysses.txt:29141:Meditations of evolution increasingly vaster: of the moon invisible in
pg-ulysses.txt:29824:ungual fragments, picked and lacerated by Master Bloom, pupil of Mrs
pg-ulysses.txt:29961:unexpurgated exotic erotic masterpieces: house carpentry with toolbox
pg-ulysses.txt:30008:To Master Percy Apjohn at High School in 1880 he had divulged his
pg-ulysses.txt:31507:me the works of Master Francois Somebody supposed to be a priest about
pg-ulysses.txt:31604:the I half of the things and write a book out of it the works of Master
pg-ulysses.txt:32298:then tucked up in bed like those babies in the Aristocrats Masterpiece
pg-war_and_peace.txt:4349:other--who with beaming faces had come to see their master making merry.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:4351:"Just look at the master! A regular eagle he is!" loudly remarked the
pg-war_and_peace.txt:4372:the musicians to play faster. Faster, faster, and faster; lightly, more
pg-war_and_peace.txt:4810:reply to his look, and went still faster along the passage.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:6893:"What devils these quartermasters are! See, the fifth company is turning
pg-war_and_peace.txt:7091:we are masters of Ulm, we cannot be deprived of the advantage of
pg-war_and_peace.txt:7298:nothing for their master's business. Quarante mille hommes massacres et
pg-war_and_peace.txt:7392:"What about your master?" he asked Lavrushka, Denisov's orderly, whom
pg-war_and_peace.txt:7446:"The squadron quartermaster!" said Lavrushka.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:7452:purse undah the pillow," he said, and went out to the quartermaster.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:7494:facing the quartermaster who was reporting to him. On seeing Rostov,
pg-war_and_peace.txt:7500:quartermaster's presence.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:7541:"Who should it be? You yourself told him to come. It's the quartermaster
pg-war_and_peace.txt:7650:"The master is not in, he's gone to headquarters," said Telyanin's
pg-war_and_peace.txt:8319:around chin and mouth. The quartermaster frowned, looking at the
pg-war_and_peace.txt:9972:the steaming boiler, waiting till the sample, which a quartermaster
pg-war_and_peace.txt:10183:nearer, faster and louder, louder and faster, a cannon ball, as if it
pg-war_and_peace.txt:11090:body. Drowsiness was irresistibly mastering him, but he kept awake by an
pg-war_and_peace.txt:11535:girl, such tact, such masterly perfection of manner! It comes from her
pg-war_and_peace.txt:12053:his master in manners and looks, who was accompanying him back to the
pg-war_and_peace.txt:12210:vainly trying to master her agitation.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:12650:that passionate animal feeling which was apt to master him with great
pg-war_and_peace.txt:12754:Tikhon knew his master's habit of sometimes thinking aloud, and
pg-war_and_peace.txt:12761:master's thoughts. He guessed that the question referred to Prince
pg-war_and_peace.txt:13105:Italian singing master), "that's why she's ashamed!"
pg-war_and_peace.txt:14274:to revolve faster and faster, levers and cogwheels to work, chimes to
pg-war_and_peace.txt:14659:couples and he himself rode along the line trying to master the
pg-war_and_peace.txt:15404:"You are wounded?" he asked, hardly able to master the trembling of his
pg-war_and_peace.txt:15617:extending its neck, galloped on yet faster. Hardly had the Horse Guards
pg-war_and_peace.txt:16278:master. "Can it be? My treasure!" and Prokofy, trembling with
pg-war_and_peace.txt:16296:already seen the young master, and, before he had reached the drawing
pg-war_and_peace.txt:18139:dancing master) gave for his pupils during the holidays.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:18324:Knowing that Denisov had a reputation even in Poland for the masterly
pg-war_and_peace.txt:18989:Torzhok post station, either there were no horses or the postmaster
pg-war_and_peace.txt:19006:The postmaster, his wife, the valet, and a peasant woman selling Torzhok
pg-war_and_peace.txt:19020:The postmaster came in and began obsequiously to beg his excellency to
pg-war_and_peace.txt:19067:gentleman," said the postmaster, entering the room followed by another
pg-war_and_peace.txt:19237:use, he does not believe in the master who made it. To know Him is
pg-war_and_peace.txt:19361:postmaster's book. Bazdeev had been one of the best-known Freemasons and
pg-war_and_peace.txt:19747:and three pairs of gloves, and then the Grand Master addressed him. He
pg-war_and_peace.txt:19760:unclean." While the Grand Master said these last words it seemed to
pg-war_and_peace.txt:19771:Grand Master began reading the statutes. They were very long, and
pg-war_and_peace.txt:19777:Master, "but those between virtue and vice. Beware of making any
pg-war_and_peace.txt:19793:The Grand Master rapped with his mallet. All the Masons sat down in
pg-war_and_peace.txt:19797:The Grand Master proposed that the last duty should be performed, and
pg-war_and_peace.txt:20554:before, others simply enjoyed hearing how the master talked, while the
pg-war_and_peace.txt:20556:speech how they could best handle the master for their own ends.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:20634:hospitals, and asylums--on all the estates before the master arrived.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:20638:according to his understanding of his master, would touch and delude
pg-war_and_peace.txt:20681:as he called the Grand Master.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21011:fortnight ago he would have had a paymaster's clerk at Yukhnovna
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21310:shrine of the saint. And now I'm from Kolyazin, master, where a great
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21321:"In Kolyazin, master, a wonderful blessing has been revealed."
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21338:"So I come, master, and the people say to me: 'A great blessing has been
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21347:"Oh, yes, master, I was found worthy. Such a brightness on the face like
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21354:"Oh, master, what are you saying?" exclaimed the horrified Pelageya,
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21360:don't speak so, master! There was a general who did not believe, and
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21367:give thee what the Tsar bestowed on me.' I saw it myself, master, the
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21379:"Oh, master, master, what a sin! And you who have a son!" she began, her
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21380:pallor suddenly turning to a vivid red. "Master, what have you said? God
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21509:master, "The count has come!" and Denisov, who had been asleep on his
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21700:speaking to, and saw the quartermaster, Topcheenko.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21707:obey," answered the quartermaster.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21712:as well as the quartermaster. Lavrushka was saying something about
pg-war_and_peace.txt:21852:quartermaster and without any provocation called him a thief, threatened
pg-war_and_peace.txt:22809:turned on the box toward his master.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:23614:purport or significance. Such were Willarski and even the Grand Master
pg-war_and_peace.txt:23701:Master began answering him, and Pierre began developing his views with
pg-war_and_peace.txt:23716:At the end of the meeting the Grand Master with irony and ill-will
pg-war_and_peace.txt:23998:Brothers and to the Grand Master. Great Architect of Nature, help me to
pg-war_and_peace.txt:24149:maid of honor, Pierre Bezukhov, and the son of their district postmaster
pg-war_and_peace.txt:24560:police officers and even the police master himself stood at the porch.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:24919:dancing. An aide-de-camp, the Master of Ceremonies, went up to Countess
pg-war_and_peace.txt:25497:at him, flushed and evidently trying to master her rapid breathing. And
pg-war_and_peace.txt:25752:mastered him as at something strange, apart from and independent of
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26506:three roans and Dozhoyveyko, his quartermaster, and to wonder anxiously
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26703:with prominent black eyes, got up on seeing her master, stretched her
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26706:sight of his master from the garden path, arched his back and, rushing
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26716:to his master and looked at him scornfully. This scorn was not offensive
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26717:to his master. Nicholas knew that this Daniel, disdainful of everybody
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26728:eyes gazed from under his brows at his master, who was silent. "Can you
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26756:breaking something in the master's apartment, and he hastened to say all
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26820:Each dog knew its master and its call. Each man in the hunt knew his
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26908:wolfhounds, who had, however, grown fat like their master and his horse.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26921:glancing at his master with whom he had lived on the best of terms for
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26949:what would please his master.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:26967:finger at his master. "They are on the scent of the cubs..." he
pg-war_and_peace.txt:27104:off the wolf, and the borzois passed it, running faster still. Nicholas
pg-war_and_peace.txt:27276:young master, with the fox tied to his crupper. While still at a
pg-war_and_peace.txt:27333:into line. The masters rode together. "Uncle," Rostov, and Ilagin kept
pg-war_and_peace.txt:27518:porch to meet their master. A score of women serfs, old and young, as
pg-war_and_peace.txt:27652:balalayka on which someone, who was evidently a master of the art, was
pg-war_and_peace.txt:27890:musician and his wife, Vogel the dancing master and his family, Belova,
pg-war_and_peace.txt:27990:of depression which she could not master. She felt sorry for herself:
pg-war_and_peace.txt:28511:"Now, look out, master!" he cried.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:28513:Faster still the two troykas flew side by side, and faster moved the
pg-war_and_peace.txt:28517:"No you won't, master!" he shouted.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:29337:dared to do yesterday, I will show you who is master in this house. Go!
pg-war_and_peace.txt:31280:soon as I saw him I felt he was my master and I his slave, and that I
pg-war_and_peace.txt:31623:faster. He liked giving a painful lash on the neck to some peasant who,
pg-war_and_peace.txt:31627:Anatole and Dolokhov liked Balaga too for his masterly driving and
pg-war_and_peace.txt:31779:master and yet regretful of her cloak.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:32278:Pierre mastered his wrath. "I don't know that and don't want to," he
pg-war_and_peace.txt:33243:"Your Majesty," replied Balashev, "my master, the Emperor, does not
pg-war_and_peace.txt:33274:despite a quarrel between their masters.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:33463:"Sire! The Emperor, my master..." but the sight of the Emperor's eyes
pg-war_and_peace.txt:33522:quivering faster than before and his face seemed petrified in its stern
pg-war_and_peace.txt:33665:"And yet what a splendid reign your master might have had!"
pg-war_and_peace.txt:33807:fully devoted to him and who must rejoice at his former master's
pg-war_and_peace.txt:34129:Quartermaster General Prince Volkonski, as well as generals, imperial
pg-war_and_peace.txt:34987:quartermaster appeared with an order to move on to the little town of
pg-war_and_peace.txt:35151:instinctively changed to a gallop, which grew faster and faster as they
pg-war_and_peace.txt:35842:not even ask whether he was to wait. He knew that when his master was at
pg-war_and_peace.txt:35985:master to teach him Russian. It is becoming dangerous to speak French in
pg-war_and_peace.txt:37503:"What marvels!" she exclaimed, but hearing her master's voice she turned
pg-war_and_peace.txt:37616:we really lost? Master!..."
pg-war_and_peace.txt:37620:At that moment the flames flared up and showed his young master's pale
pg-war_and_peace.txt:37825:the trees there, came upon Prince Andrew. On seeing the young master,
pg-war_and_peace.txt:37936:in a most masterly way. The whole army feels great suspicion of the
pg-war_and_peace.txt:38192:Lavrushka, having got drunk the day before and left his master
pg-war_and_peace.txt:38197:cunning way, are ready to render any sort of service to their master,
pg-war_and_peace.txt:38198:and are keen at guessing their master's baser impulses, especially those
pg-war_and_peace.txt:38203:did his utmost to gain his new master's favor.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:38249:Napoleon expected him to be frightened, to gratify his new masters
pg-war_and_peace.txt:38266:detachment and by evening found his master, Nicholas Rostov, quartered
pg-war_and_peace.txt:38732:three years. The peasants feared him more than they did their master.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:38733:The masters, both the old prince and the young, and the steward
pg-war_and_peace.txt:38766:must be hesitating between the two camps: the masters' and the serfs'.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:39139:name of my dead father, who was a good master to you, and of my brother
pg-war_and_peace.txt:39499:forward. Alpatych, mastering his offended feelings, kept pace with
pg-war_and_peace.txt:39604:The two bound men were led off to the master's house. The two drunken
pg-war_and_peace.txt:39609:"How can one talk to the masters like that? What were you thinking of,
pg-war_and_peace.txt:40195:money nor the time, like Prince Galitsyn, to engage a master to teach me
pg-war_and_peace.txt:40490:did. "Home, I told you! And drive faster, blockhead!" "I must get away
pg-war_and_peace.txt:41440:shed followed by an adjutant and the regimental paymaster.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:42845:him (as a butler at dinner informs his master that there is no more of
pg-war_and_peace.txt:43330:and his face wore a strained look as if he found it difficult to master
pg-war_and_peace.txt:43903:the peoples as clerk to master.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:44660:postmaster Klyucharev to be arrested and exiled for no particular
pg-war_and_peace.txt:44794:enjoyed the beauty of his companion, was absorbed in his mastery of the
pg-war_and_peace.txt:44923:* A masterly woman.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:45197:Man can be master of nothing while he fears death, but he who does not
pg-war_and_peace.txt:45366:had it from the Postmaster. But evidently they had come to some
pg-war_and_peace.txt:45427:that I could not have exiled the Postmaster had he not been a harmful
pg-war_and_peace.txt:45905:"Please come in here. The masters are going away and the whole house
pg-war_and_peace.txt:45913:master's house. Come in," said Mavra Kuzminichna. "Is he very ill?" she
pg-war_and_peace.txt:45932:"The masters won't object..." she said.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:45982:own family. So thought the major-domo on his master's behalf.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:46009:request on behalf of his master.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:46622:master--may the kingdom of heaven be his--has remained here, but he is
pg-war_and_peace.txt:46865:Tver, Kaluga, and Dorogomilov gates. Faster and faster, vying with one
pg-war_and_peace.txt:47637:attributed. As often happens with passionate people, he was mastered by
pg-war_and_peace.txt:47918:in on Vereshchagin. He turned away. "Go fas... faster!" he cried in a
pg-war_and_peace.txt:48071:Streets. No masters of the houses being found anywhere, the French were
pg-war_and_peace.txt:48381:* "Are you the master here?"
pg-war_and_peace.txt:48400:"Master, not here--don't understand... me, you..." said Gerasim, trying
pg-war_and_peace.txt:48670:quartermaster of the regiment and his commander had ordered him to
pg-war_and_peace.txt:48682:conquerors were masters in it and were patronizing him. Painful as that
pg-war_and_peace.txt:48926:orderlies of the wounded officers, after attending to their masters, had
pg-war_and_peace.txt:50394:where cattle were grazing, posthouses with stationmasters asleep in
pg-war_and_peace.txt:50424:taking his squadron quartermaster with him, drove at a gallop to the
pg-war_and_peace.txt:50856:unreasonably angry with his servant and squadron quartermaster.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:51351:cruelty. Looking at his cold face, as he sat like a stern schoolmaster
pg-war_and_peace.txt:53737:Flabby. Its lack of a master, a name, or even of a breed or any definite
pg-war_and_peace.txt:55188:French quartermasters who had been sent on in advance.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:56477:Karataev for its master.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:57656:faster.
pg-war_and_peace.txt:58046:at its halting place--a village on the highroad. The quartermasters who
pg-war_and_peace.txt:58650:frowned for an instant, but immediately mastering himself went up to the
pg-war_and_peace.txt:58917:night, often lingered with his master's boots in his hands and clothes
pg-war_and_peace.txt:58926:out into the hall with a pleasant sense of intimacy with his master and
pg-war_and_peace.txt:59712:"The children will live just the same. With such masters one can live."
pg-war_and_peace.txt:61004:master... the peasants' affairs first and then his own. Of course he was
pg-war_and_peace.txt:61005:not to be trifled with either--in a word, he was a real master!"
pg-war_and_peace.txt:61061:The tears flowed faster still from the countess' eyes. She took his hand
pg-war_and_peace.txt:61771:The servants--the most reliable judges of their masters because they
